\section{Introduction}

Ever since the disclosure of Spectre and Meltdown at the beginning of 2018, there has
been a large number of attacks targeting speculative microarchitectural state in
out-of-order processors [cite]. Each of these attacks is able to exploit the shared
state of the processor between a victim process/thread and a malicious process/thread.
While classifications have been developed for cache-based and for timing-based 
side-channel attacks [cite], a general taxonomy for the space of speculative execution
attacks has not been formalized. Currently, these attacks have only been broadly 
identified as variants of Spectre. A well-devised taxonomy would inform not only the 
categorization of new attacks but also the development of hardware mitigations for 
these attacks. A complete categorization system would help hardware researchers 
identify general mitigations for broad categories of vulnerabilities, instead of 
targeted fixes for specific attacks. Additionally, the BOOM [cite] open-source RISC-V
microarchitecture has not been exposed to these types of attacks yet. BOOM (The
Berkeley Out-of-Order Machine) is a generic implementation of a speculative 
out-of-order microarchitecture that employs many of the same features as the 
proprietary systems targeted by published attacks. Generic, open-source 
implementations of attacks and their mitigation strategies would provide a common 
foundation for the development of defenses for speculative execution attacks.
By attacking an open-source machine with Spectre, researchers can not only gain more 
insight into the malicious attack but also attempt to mitigate the attack on a shared,
open platform. Moreover, this project is hoped to unify and guide the attack 
mitigation process. With an attack taxonomy and an open-source microarchitecture, a 
newly proposed mitigation technique can easily target a class of attacks as informed 
by the taxonomy.

